Last time of "Yu-Gi-Oh ZEXAL"...
King Overfiend,
attack Masquerade!
(explosions)
Nash destroyed the Number
that Don Thousand gave
to Vector.
Now Vector will regain the
true memories of his past!
No, it's impossible,
what've I done...
all the destruction I caused.
How could I?
Don Thousand!
Now that I have the power
of the other Emperors,
I'm stronger than
you'll ever be!
Stop this, Vector!
You need me!
No!
This attack is for every
Emperor you betrayed.
You can't do this, Nash!
(Nash) How could I lose?
♪ Still together as one
'cause divided we're none ♪
♪ Ready to go
we feel the flow ♪
♪ So don't stand in our way ♪
♪ You know we ain't afraid ♪
♪ This our time
we're in control ♪
♪ If I trip up today
just wipe it away ♪
♪ All of my fears
are gone erased ♪
♪ Let us stand on the walls
till the final night falls ♪
♪ The bonds of our souls
can't be replaced ♪
♪ Let us fight together
regretting never ♪
♪ Our dreams will be ♪
♪ Halfway to forever ♪
♪ Our light come
shining through ♪
♪ Reach down deep beat defeat ♪
♪ Do all that we can do ♪
♪ Halfway to forever ♪
♪ We've got nothing to lose ♪
♪ Keep breathing believing ♪
♪ Halfway to forever ♪ ♪
He did it!
Shark won the duel!
(groaning) Impossible!
How could I lose to you?
How?
Can you hear their
voices yet, Vector?
Can I hear the what?
Last time we dueled
in this palace,
just like this time, you lost.
That's when the spirits
haunting this place,
those of the people who lived
in the countless villages
you destroyed dragged you into
the darkness, where you belong.
Aah! Aah!
So, do you hear them yet?
I don't hear a thing!
Get real!
(ghostly voices moaning)
Vector...
Aah...
No, stop it!
Let me go!
It's over, Vector.
Just like before, they will
pull you into the shadows.
(grunts) I don't think so!
Things are different now!
Release me!
This time I have more power
at my command
than you could possibly
imagine!
So If I'm going down,
then I'm taking you with me!
(maniacal laughter)
Did you think you had won, Nash?
That it was all over?
You're wrong!
It hasn't even begun!
I cannot be beaten.
I am all-powerful!
(laughing)
(demonic voice)
How interesting
that you should say that.
The power you wield
is not yours, Vector.
You?
But how can this be?
Don Thousand!
I thought you had met your end.
I am quite aware
of what you thought,
but it is as you say...
One of limitless power
cannot be beaten!
You meaningless flea!
Did you honestly believe
that the boundless power
I allowed you to wield
was yours to have forever?
Know this...
what I have given to you,
I can also take away.
How little you grasp!
You boasted that
you no longer needed me.
Ignorant puppet.
It is I who no longer need you!
(crying out)
Wait!
I beg your forgiveness!
Aah...
No!
This can't be!
It can't end like this!
Somebody help me!
Vector!
Yuma!
Come back, Yuma!
Aah...
I got you!
Grab my hand!
Whatever you do, don't let go!
Yuma!
Hang on tight!
Whatever you do, don't let go!
Yuma!
Hang on tight!
This is most amusing,
the helpless helping
the hapless!
What do you think you're doing?
Yuma, you are in great peril!
Yeah, I know, but I can't
give up now!
Yuma, you know as well as I,
He'll just betray us again!
Maybe he will, but that's
a chance I'm willing to take.
No matter what he's done,
everyone deserves
a second chance.
Yes, but this would be
his 30th chance!
Vector, I've seen
the good in you!
I saw it in Ray Shadows!
We had awesome times together.
You were my friend.
Let's give this thing another
go, pal, what do you say?
I say that...
you've gotta be the most
trusting simpleton
who's ever lived!
You really wanna hang out
some more, let's do it!
Yuma!
(pained cry)
(insane laughter)
Come with me to Endsville!
Sure.
If that's what it takes.
I'll stick by your side because
helping a friend is the Ray Way.
Yuma...
(voice echoing)
I've seen the good in you!
You we're my friend.
What're you doing?
You're really awesome, Yuma.
Our worlds need more of you
and less of me.
Hang on, what are you saying?
I'm saying goodbye.
Aah!
Why did you let go?
(laughing)
My power has returned to me.
Enjoy it now, because
you won't have it for long,
and that's a promise!
One you cannot keep!
At last, I am complete again!
Astral, we should really
get out of here!
Ugh! And now my true reign
begins!
What's that light?
It is a beacon of the new realm
that I have shaped.
I have fused your world
and Barian World together
to forge a dominion
unlike any before!
Turn around, Yuma Tsukumo, and
bear witness to my creation!
Ah!
It can't be!
Yes, it is.
I have shattered the feeble
dimensional barriers
between our two worlds,
and united them
under one absolute rule,
my own!
(maniacal laughter)
Now what?
Mizar?
We meet again, Yuma.
Why are you here?
This is the last place
I expected to see you.
Yuma, I came here to fulfill
Kite's last wish.
When the duel ended,
he entrusted me with this.
What is it?
Numeron Dragon?
He gave me this card so that
I would give it to you.
Seriously?
But why?
How will this help?
He thought you would need it.
But unfortunately, you will
never get a chance to play it.
What do you mean?
Look, Nash, Don Thousand
distorted the memories
of the Seven Emperors.
He tricked us
so we would serve him.
He wanted our aid in his mad
quest to rule the universe.
The future that he is trying
to shape...
is one I cannot allow
to come to pass.
What are you doing, Mizar?
Righting our wrongs,
and stopping Don Thousand
once and for all.
Mizar.
You wish to duel me,
despite the loss of your
Barian powers leaving you weak
whilst I have regained
all my immeasurable might!
Have you lost your mind?
Your agony and defeat is
inevitable!
Whoa, Don Thousand
looks stronger!
That is his true form.
I do not fear the likes of you.
Duel Disk, engage!
So be it.
I will grant you the destruction
that you crave.
Let us duel!
You should never have
challenged me, Mizar.
It shall be your last mistake.
I will do nothing more
than end my turn.
What? But you did not do
anything at all!
(chuckling)
Do my moves shake
your resolve, Mizar?
You think a tactic like that
will rattle me?
Well, think again!
I draw!
To begin, I summon
Heliosphere Dragon!
(shrieking)
And now I activate the spell
Galaxy Wrath!
If I choose not
to battle this turn,
I can summon one dragon
from my hand.
Radius,
the Half-Moon Dragon!
I overlay Heliosphere
and Radius!
With these two monsters,
I build the Overlay Network
and Xyz Summon Galaxy
Stealth Dragon!
(roaring)
I activate Stealth Dragon's
special ability!
For the price of one
Overlay Unit,
I can summon one Dragon
from my hand.
I use two...
so that I can call two dragons
to my field.
Take flight, Schwarzschild
Limit Dragon
and Parsec,
the Interstellar Dragon!
Amazing. He's got
three monsters already!
But the bad news is, he's not
allowed to attack this turn.
Curious.
Mizar is smart.
I am sure he has a strategy
planned.
I now activate
Dragon King's Demise!
I tribute all my monsters.
You will be sorry I did.
Because by doing so,
we both take damage,
equal to my dragons'
combined attack points.
Say what?
That can't end well at all!
Correct. It would mean the end
for both of them.
Mizar, don't do it!
Your evil ends here,
Don Thousand.
I am ready to do what it takes
to send you to oblivion,
even if I have to
take you there myself!
The damage heading your way now
will put a stop
to your deranged schemes.
Mizar!
You stopped it?
How can that be?
You are pathetic.
I suggest you take a closer look
at your field.
I-I do not understand.
This is not
the spell card I played.
I activated
Dragon King's Demise,
not Card Of The Dragon King!
And yet, there is no mistake
that Card of the Dragon King
lies before you.
As with the card
you thought you played,
it too tributes every Dragon
on your field.
Yes, but unlike the card
I had intended to use,
instead of both of us taking
damage, as I planned,
now only I will.
And that means I lose the duel.
This can't really be happening!
We are done here, Mizar.
You are finished.
It is laughable to think that a
paltry wretch like you believed
he could stand against
the great Don Thousand.
Aah...
Are you okay?
Speak to me Mizar, please!
My eagerness turned into
foolish pride, Yuma.
I was so hungry to beat him
that I became careless.
And that is when my victory
plans came undone.
It is up to you now.
All of you.
Work together.
It is the only way.
Mizar...
(gasping)
You stand as the last
of the Seven Emperors, Nash.
You cannot escape your destiny.
Your defeat will be
a merciless one.
After which
I will take your power,
as I have that of all
the fallen emperors before you.
Such as your beloved sister.
Soon you will join them,
As will you, Yuma,
and you, Astral.
None of you will escape
this world.
I will consume you as I have
consumed so many before you.
So, which one of you has
the nerve to be the next
to fall by my hand?
You wanna duel, let's do it.
No, let me.
Wait!
We cannot repeat Mizar's
fatal mistake.
Remember, he told us
to stick together.
None of us should duel
Don Thousand alone.
Shark...
Yuma...
let us duel as one!
Hmm.
Hear that?
We're gonna team up!
And take you down together.
With our combined strength,
your reign of terror is over.
Oh...
Whoo-hoo!
You go, guys!
Duel Disk, go!
Duel Gazer, let's roll!
Let's duel!
Astral, how I have longed
for this moment.
Soon, you will kneel before me
in defeat
and watch as your
world crumbles!
And now, I draw!
I end my turn.
Hey, he didn't do anything.
Tread carefully.
Do not rush this.
Remember how quickly
Mizar was defeated.
We must stay focused.
Expect the unexpected.
I got you.
All right...
I draw!
I summon Toy Knight!
And this toy doesn't like
to play alone,
so it lets me summon
another monster!
I summon Gagaga Magician!
But they're not gonna be around
for long.
With these two monsters, I build
the Overlay Network
and Xyz Summon Number 39:
Utopia!
You seem confident.
Let us find out if your
confidence holds
once a new reality sets in.
Utopia!
What's going on?
Oh...
What is Ganbara Knight
doing here?
This is very strange!
What trick are you pulling,
Don Thousand?
I do not need tricks!
Simply this trap.
I activated Numeron Xyz
Revision.
Numeron Xyz Revision?
That's how he changed
our cards?
That is correct.
My trap, Numeron Xyz Revision,
allowed me to rewrite your card
so that instead of summoning
an Xyz Monster,
you summoned a different
monster entirely!
You are no longer in control
of your actions, I am.
I have mastery over the past,
present and future.
So I rewrote your past.
Rewrote the past?
That must mean...
Don Thousand has acquired
the power of the Numeron Code!
Only it can rewrite history!
No way!
How could he have that?
Astral is correct.
Fusing our two worlds together
allowed me to activate
the field spell
Numeron Network,
giving me mastery
over the Numeron Code.
When I have no cards
on my field,
I can activate a Numeron card
from my deck once per turn
to rewrite this duel
in my favor!
I see.
This explains Mizar's defeat.
Indeed.
Numeron Network
allowed me to activate
the trap Numeron
Spell Revision,
which I used to change Mizar's
spell into one that worked
in my favor instead.
Mizar never stood a chance,
since he was never in control
of his own cards.
So you rewrote history
to sabotage Mizar's strategy!
Oh, no!
If Don Thousand can change
their cards, they can't win!
This is odd.
How could Don Thousand have the
power of the Numeron Code?
It is hidden on Earth, and only
when all the Numbers are
collected can it be found,
(gasps) Of course!
Don Thousand did not need
to find it!
He gained its power when he
merged Earth with Barian World!
I wondered when the truth
would dawn on you.
It is true that I do not know
where the Numeron Code rests,
but I have no need to locate it
when I own the entire planet.
The Earth belongs to me.
Down to the smallest molecule,
even the Numeron Code.
With this new power,
I can finally rip a portal
between dimensions.
I can now attack Astral World
and annihilate
your wretched home, Astral!
This cannot be!
It can!
For every point
of damage you take,
so will Astral World,
raining devastation on your land
far and wide.
Extinction looms moments away
for both Earth and Astral World,
and you three can do nothing
to stop it!